# ray's toolkit of Self
[9/25/2025 ~ 12:15 AM EST]
_it's so interesting how seeds of thoughts evolve. this, whatever it may become, began with a single thought. for the past few months, i have felt trapped. unsure of what exactly it is that i am trying to build. after graduation, so began the plunge into the unknown. into a world without the safety net of college, a buffer between adolescence and adulthood. where one is engrossed in an environment teeming with new experiences, surrounded by opportunitites and new people, new places, new thoughts, passions developing, learning about who you are and what it is that brings you joy and energy. where am i going with this... great question. i am not quite sure. but what i do know is that there is no use waiting. reality is what i make of it. how i spend my time. who i spend it with and doing what. and we are living in a crazy fucking time. where technology has never been so powerful. and this may be our rise or our downfall. and who really is to say... there are good and evil forces in the world. but what others do is out of our control. what is in our control is what we do. how we choose to utilize this power, for pure or malintent. and what i do know is that anything is possible. we can build whatever the fuck we want. and so why not try? build, create, fail, pivot, until eventually, through persistence and determination, we create something that is better than we could have ever imagined...and so it begins..._
---
**intention**: to be here now and find joy and love in the present moment. to create. and to lead with courage and an open mind.  
---
## toolkit of Self
i believe we are each on our own journies to in some way, shape, or form, realize the Self. to strip away ego and limiting thoughts and whatever it may be that is holding us back from being truly in tune with our inner being. to master our minds. to be in tune with our hearts. to live fully and continuously in the present. taking each moment for what it is. and as i mentioned earlier, my personal journey of the Self began with a thought. or rather an intention. stemming from the all-consuming feeling of being lost, unsure of who i was, feeling like a slave to my bad habits and negative thought patterns. i was not happy in my body, never satisfied with how i looked, i had a tumultuous relationship with food (one that has been rocky since middle school). i felt purposeless, confused, controlled by vices be that drinking or smoking or whatever else helped me to take me out of the present. i could not just be. and i thought, "this can't be it. i don't want to feel this way anymore." i had had enough. this moment, beginning the end of my sophomore year in college, set the beast into motion. little did i know how good it would get... but we're not quite there yet in the story...
